README.md, before:

# Capstone Bank
Capstone project for udacity cloud developer

## Feature - Create Account
As a Capstone Bank customer, I want an account, so that I can keep my money safe and access it when I need.

### Feature updates
- User enters account type and initial deposit amount on client.
- Account created in Dynamo
- TODO:
    - Get user ID from jwt
    - After creation, get all accounts and display them on client

## Feature - Accounts Summary
As a Capstone Bank customer, I want to see a summary of all my accounts, so that I know where my money is at a glance
## Feature - Update Account
As a Capstone Bank customer, I want to make updates to my account, so that I can apply different investment strategies

## Feature - Close Account
As a Capstone Bank customer, I want to close an account, so that I can get my money back when my needs change

## Feature - Deposit
As a Capstone Bank customer, I want to add money to my account, so that I can make additional purchases or save/invest additional money

## Feature - Withdrawal
As a Capstone Bank customer, I want to withdraw money from my account, so that I have more money on hand

## Feature - Point of Sale
As a Capstone Bank customer, I want to use my debit or credit chards, so that I can make purchases

Commit message:

Project is now Capstone Photos

README.md, after:

# Capstone Photos

## Photo Management Epic

### Feature - Add Photo

As a member of Capstone Photo, I want to upload photos, so that I can get my photos processed at participating vendors.

### Feature - Receive Processing Updates

As a member of Capstone Photo, I want to receive notifications when my vendor starts or finishes work on my photo.

## Vendor Management Epic
__Summary:__ Vendors will download photos for processing.

### Feature - Vendor Signup

As a photo processing vendor, I want to sign up to Capstone Photos, so that I can process photos from my customers.

### Feature - Vendor Receives Notifications

As a photo processing vendor, I want to receive notifications when someone wants me to process their photos, so that I
don't have to notify them directly.

## Techy Stuff

- Frontend: React app in S3
- Backend: Node Lambdas
- Database: DynamoDB - vendor, customer, and photo details
- S3: Photo store
- SNS: Send notifications
- Auth0: implements auth. _Should_ be able to embed customer/vendor in the JWTs and manage permissions appropriately. See [Add User Roles To Tokens](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/access-control/sample-use-cases-rules-with-authorization)
